en: Add section 'Remove TiFlash' in deploy-tiflash.md (#1015)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tiflash.md

If the server does not have an external network, refer to [deploy the TiDB cluster](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md#deploy-the-tidb-cluster) to download the required Docker image on the machine with an external network and upload it to the server.

## Remove TiFlash

> 1. Adjust the number of replicas of the data tables migrated to the TiFlash cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Adjust the number of replicas of the tables replicated to the TiFlash cluster.
```

>     To completely remove TiFlash, you need to set the number of replicas of all tables in TiFlash to `0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To completely remove TiFlash, you need to set the number of replicas of all tables replicated to the TiFlash to `0`.
```

>     To completely remove TiFlash, you need to set the number of replicas of all data tables migrated to TiFlash in the cluster to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To completely remove TiFlash, you need to set the number of replicas of all tables in TiFlash to `0`.
```

>     1. To connect to the TiDB service, refer to the steps in [Access the TiDB Cluster in Kubernetes](access-tidb.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. Refer to the steps in [Access the TiDB Cluster in Kubernetes](access-tidb.md) to connect to the TiDB service.
```

Reviewer: It's usually advised to be put the purpose before the task. See https://developers.google.cn/style/clause-order

>     2. To adjust the number of replicas of the data tables migrated to the TiFlash cluster, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. To adjust the number of replicas of the tables replicated to the TiFlash cluster, run the following command:
```

       {{< copyable "sql" >}}

        ```sql
        alter table <db_name>.<table_name> set tiflash replica 0;
        ```

2. Wait for the TiFlash replicas of the related tables to be deleted.

>    Connect to the TiDB service and run the following command. If you can not find the replication information of the related tables, it means that the replica is deleted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Connect to the TiDB service and run the following command. If you can not find the replication information of the related tables, it means that the replica is deleted:
```

>     Connect to the TiDB service and run the following command. If you can not find the replication information of the related tables, it means that the replica is deleted:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Connect to the TiDB service and run the following command. If you can not find the replication information of the related tables, it means that the replicas are deleted:
```

>    Connect to the TiDB service and run the following command. If you can not find the migration information of the related tables, it means that the replica is deleted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Connect to the TiDB service and run the following command. If you can not find the replication information of the related tables, it means that the replica is deleted:
```

    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    SELECT * FROM information_schema.tiflash_replica WHERE TABLE_SCHEMA = '<db_name>' and TABLE_NAME = '<table_name>';
    ```

> 3. To remove TiFlash Pods, run the following command to modify the `spec.tiflash.replicas` to `0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To remove TiFlash Pods, run the following command to modify `spec.tiflash.replicas` to `0`:
```

> 3. To remove TiFlash Pod, run the following command to modify the `spec.tiflash.replicas` to `0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To remove TiFlash Pods, run the following command to modify the `spec.tiflash.replicas` to `0`:
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl edit tidbcluster ${cluster_name} -n ${namespace}
    ```

> 4. Check the state of TiFlash Pods and TiFlash node stores.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Check the state of TiFlash Pods and TiFlash stores.
```

> 4. Check the store state of TiFlash Pod and TiFlash node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check the state of TiFlash Pods and TiFlash node stores.
```

   First, run the following command to check whether you delete the TiFlash Pod successfully:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl get pod -n ${namespace} -l app.kubernetes.io/component=tiflash,app.kubernetes.io/instance=${cluster_name}
    ```

   If the output is empty, it means that you delete the Pod of the TiFlash cluster successfully.

>    To check whether the store of the TiFlash node is in the `Tombstone` state, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To check whether the stores of the TiFlash are in the `Tombstone` state, run the following command:
```

>    To check whether the store of the TiFlash node is the `Tombstone` state, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To check whether the store of the TiFlash node is in the `Tombstone` state, run the following command:
```

    ```shell
    kubectl get tidbcluster ${cluster_name} -n ${namespace} -o yaml
    ```

   The value of the `status.tiflash` field in the output result is similar to the example below.

    ```
    tiflash:
        ...
        tombstoneStores:
        "88":
            id: "88"
            ip: basic-tiflash-0.basic-tiflash-peer.default.svc
            lastHeartbeatTime: "2020-12-31T04:42:12Z"
            lastTransitionTime: null
            leaderCount: 0
            podName: basic-tiflash-0
            state: Tombstone
        "89":
            id: "89"
            ip: basic-tiflash-1.basic-tiflash-peer.default.svc
            lastHeartbeatTime: "2020-12-31T04:41:50Z"
            lastTransitionTime: null
            leaderCount: 0
            podName: basic-tiflash-1
            state: Tombstone
    ```

>     Only after you delete all Pods of the TiFlash cluster successfully and the store of all TiFlash nodes has changed to the `Tombstone` state, can you perform the next operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Only after you delete all Pods of the TiFlash cluster successfully and all the TiFlash stores have changed to the `Tombstone` state, can you perform the next operation.
```

> 5. Delete TiFlash StatefulSet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Delete the TiFlash StatefulSet.
```

>    To modify TiDB Cluster CR and delete the `spec.tiflash` field, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To modify the TidbCluster CR and delete the `spec.tiflash` field, run the following command:
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl edit tidbcluster ${cluster_name} -n ${namespace}
    ```

>    To delete TiFlash StatefulSet, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To delete the TiFlash StatefulSet, run the following command:
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl delete statefulsets -n ${namespace} -l app.kubernetes.io/component=tiflash,app.kubernetes.io/instance=${cluster_name}
    ```

   To check whether you delete the StatefulSet of the TiFlash cluster successfully, run the following command:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl get sts -n ${namespace} -l app.kubernetes.io/component=tiflash,app.kubernetes.io/instance=${cluster_name}
    ```

   If the output is empty, it means that you delete the StatefulSet of the TiFlash cluster successfully.

6. (Optional) Delete PVC and PV.

   If you confirm that you do not use the data in TiFlash, and you want to delete the data, you need to strictly follow the steps below to delete the data in TiFlash:

   1. Delete the PVC object corresponding to the PV

      {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

      ```shell
      kubectl delete pvc -n ${namespace} -l app.kubernetes.io/component=tiflash,app.kubernetes.io/instance=${cluster_name}
      ```

>     2. If the PV retention policy is `Retain`, the corresponding PV is still retained after you delete the PVC object. If you want to delete the PV, you can set the retention policy of the PV to `Delete`, and the PV can be deleted and recycled automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. If the PV reclaim policy is `Retain`, the corresponding PV is still retained after you delete the PVC object. If you want to delete the PV, you can set the reclaim policy of the PV to `Delete`, and the PV can be deleted and recycled automatically.
```

      {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

      ```shell
      kubectl patch pv ${pv_name} -p '{"spec":{"persistentVolumeReclaimPolicy":"Delete"}}'
      ```

>       In the above command, `${pv_name}` represents the name of the TiFlash cluster PV, and you can check by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      In the above command, `${pv_name}` represents the PV name of the TiFlash cluster. You can check the PV name by running the following command:
```
